                       --==[FAQ]==--

Q: I've unpacked Giana. What now?
A: Run giana with option -f. It will redirect you to config
   generator. After that you can simple run bot by
   ./giana.tcl bot_name
   It's good idea to look at ./giana.tcl --help

Q: My bot has started. How to add first user?
A: There are three ways. First way is:
        Add user while create bot configuration file by command
        ./giana.tcl -f.
   Second is:
        Telnet to bot user port and enter bot name. Then bot
        will ask you about first user login and password. 
   Third way is:
        Start bot with option -i. Then you may add user, change
        flags and password for him. After that execute command
        save and kill bot (command die). Then start bot without
        -i option. Now you may log in as added user.

Q: I've added user but I still can't log in. Bot disconnect me
   just after I put my login name.
A: Perhaps you missed 'p' flag for user. Another reason could be
   very similar login but not the same. Check it for sure.

Q: Everything is correct for sure. Bot still doesn't let me in.
A: Are you trying to log in by some Windows telnet client?
   Only putty client has been tested and I don't know if other
   clients works propertly with Giana2. If you're putty user,
   change protocol to RAW, instead of TELNET, SSH, or RLOGIN.

Q: What option should I use for save each list?
A: save -u means save userlist, -b = botlist, -c = chanlist,
   -s = settings and -a = all lists (= -b -c -u). In userlist
   are saved users names, hostmasks, global&local flags;
   In botlist: botnames, addresses, ports, flags, hostmasks,
   hard links; In chanlist: channels names, flags for channels,
   keys for channels; In settings: any bot variables.

Q: I've saved users list, but other bots in botnet still don't
   agree it. Why?
A: Simple save does it only on local bot. You can use sendlists
   after that to send saved lists to all, or just use savenet
   instead of save. Remember that bot with higher priority
   (lower netflag) always sends lists to bot with lower priority.
   It can't be inversely.

Q: Is there support for ipv6?
A: Not yet. It's depended by TCL interpreter. If there will be
   released TCL with ipv6 support, Giana will be ready for use it
   (small changes has to be done of course).

Q: Is there way to port eggdrop TCL script to Giana?
A: Yes, there is. You can read about it in eggtcls file.

Q: Where can I read about commands for bot console?
A: Log in, type help, then you'll receive commands list. To read
   about some command, type help this_command.
   NOTE: help module has to be loaded. It's loaded by default.
   If you haven't disabled it while creating config, then it's OK.

Q: What does mean debug level 1 and 2?
A: With debug level 1 any errors in tcl code will be sent to file
   log/botname/debug.log. If bot crashes and you don't know why,
   use this debug level.
   Debug level 2 enables displaying all messages invoked by
   debyg command in tcl code (see scripting) to standart output.

Q: What if Giana can't start? It says, that it's already up with
   some PID. I've check it and it's NOT up, I'm sure.
A: It happens very, very rarely, usually when PID of previous
   runned Giana is same as memory usage of some process.
   Solution is very easy: rm .run/botname.pid (in giana directory).


