Flags for friendly users:
--------------------------
A       Means: Turn ANSI colors ON for this user.
a       For flags like o and v means - set it automatically.
o       This user should got op and can get it via msg
        (/msg bot op #channel password)
f       He's a friend. Never kick him.
q       Don't look on anything he's doing. He can change on channel
        anything and bot will not check it.
u       He has simple user rights on bot.
m       Bot master rights.
n       Owner rights.
r       Root rights, very similar to owner. One difference
        is allow to use ! flag (and r of course).
p       He can join to bot partyline.
v       User should got voice.
c       User can execute public (on channel) commands.
!       User is immune. None, excempt root can do anything
        with this user.

Flags for enemies:
-------------------
b       Kick and ban him any time he join to channel (shit).
d       Don't agree to he gets op.
s       He can't get voice.

Flags for channels:
--------------------
n, t, i, m, p, s, k, l
        These flags means that similar modes on channel
        should be kept by bot.
b       This flag means that on this channel bitch should be active.
c       On this channel can be executed public commands.
f       On this channel bot will not keep modes. They can
        be changed by ops.
F       Similar flag to f, but with F, bots doesn't change modes
        only if flags has been set by root, owner, master or user.
        Also bots are learning new modes. So, when r/n/m/u sets mode
        on channel, bots changes modes in their channels lists too.
u       All masks for +e, +b and +I on lists are keept on channel.

Flags for bots:
----------------
u       Send userlist to bot.
b       Send botlist to bot.
c       Send chanlist to bot.
U, B, C These flags are similar to u, b, c, but in lowercase
        flags local bot orders remote bot to erase all of old users
        before receiving new list. With this flags bot will not
        order to erase.
